# 1.0.9 Notes

## Join Forces. Control Your Fate.

**Jun 06, 2014**

_This is a big one. Update 1.09 introduces a milestone feature that gives you the power to choose your teammates and enter the Public Match queue as a pre-made party._

_That’s right: Your friends. Your call. Your destiny in your own hands._

_For anyone frustrated by AFK or skill-mismatched teammates, this is the answer and feature you’ve needed. For all those wondering how to easily play with real-life friends and siblings, this is the feature you’re after. For all those who have made elite allies _[_in the forums_](http://forums.vainglorygame.com/)_, this is your chance to band together for epic matches unlike anything you’ve been thrown into. You now have control over your own team and your own fate._

_Let’s break it down …_

## **Get the Party Started!**

I hope you’ve been adding friends pre- and post-match … because your Friends list actually has purpose now!

**1. Tap into the PLAY section.**

**2. Smack CREATE PARTY.**

**3. Invite one or two online friends by tapping on their player name. \(Look for the green dot\). **Friends who accept your invite will join you in your pre-made team. If someone declines, bails or is out to lunch, just “x” ’em out of your party and invite someone else.

**4. Only the Team Captain \(the one who formed the party\) can trigger a Public Match. **From there, the Matchmaker will find the most worthy opponents and fire off the match. You might battle another pre-made party of similar collective play experience. That’s when the real magic happens.

**5. You’ll stay a party post-match! **Want to go again? The captain can simply put the party back in the Public Match queue. If you want to play with different friends \(or take your chances in the wild\), just “leave” the party. If the captain leaves, it’ll break up the band. No worries; it’s easy to make a new party.

## **What Went Wrong?!**

