# 1.0.3 Notes

## LET’S BE FRIENDS

**JAN 24, 2014**

### ADD FRIENDS

Games are more fun with friends … especially competitive, team-based ones. Now you can enter the player name of a real-world buddy—or a new Vainglory rival—to send that player a friend request. On the other end, you can accept or deny the request. Once you have players in your Friends List, you can:

* Invite players outside the app to play a match anytime: They’ll receive a notification, which will launch the app when tapped.
* Enjoy the satisfaction of knowing you’re popular.

### STAY IN PUBLIC MATCH QUEUE WHILE THE APP IS CLOSED

Want to browse the Web or other apps while waiting for “6/6”? Now, you can enter the Public Match queue and then leave the app while waiting for your match to start. When six queued players are being arranged for a match, you’ll receive a notification giving you 40 seconds to tap and join. So long as you respond, you’ll be good-to-go. If the time expires, you’ll be dropped from the matching queue and another player will take the remaining spot. \(No worries; just join the next Public Match.\)

### SPIFFY NEW VISUALS

We’re continuing to roll out an entirely new, utterly spiffy design for all in-game menus. In this update, there’s a new matching interface and a new character select screen. The latter is still in progress, so expect gorgeous hero splash art to display when you select your hero \(coming soon\)! And there’s more …

* Improved the shadows for Petal’s delightful pets and the shadows for jungle monsters.
* It’s now more obvious when Petal’s pets are on the “countdown fuse” until exploding, following activation of Spontaneous Combustion.
* The ability descriptions for Petal, Koshka, Ringo, SAW and Adagio should be more clear and helpful. \(Let us know if you agree!\)
* Koshka got a new attack animation \(hooray\).
* Happy trees: You’ll find a much wider variety of trees \(of various colors\) around the game map.

### LATEST GAMEPLAY & GAME BALANCE TWEAKS

* **Adagio’s Verse of Judgment** now looks different when channeled by the enemy This is to help teams determine—with a quick glance at the rune-marked ring—whether to stick around run for your lives!
* **Koshka’s Yummy Catnip Frenzy** is less powerful, with more power going to Twirly Death. She can now pre-stack up to 12 catnips.
* **SAW’s Suppressing Fire** has a boosted the crystal ratio.
* **Spawn Platforms** will regenerate heroes’ health slower, making platform deaths possible.
* **Serpent Mask & Eve Of Harvest **are more specialized toward lifesteal and provide less power.
* **Crucible **no longer has a delay before the team block activates.
* **Atlas Pauldron** no longer increases move speed.
* **Stormguard Banner** now deals periodic bonus damage to non-heroes \(no longer a % scale\) and deals reduced damage to the Kraken.
* **Aftershock, Tension Bow & Stormguard Banner **now have better-regulated cooldowns. The cooldowns are more accurate \(not rounded up to the nearest second\) and are visible via a new indicator. Also added a cooldown to Aftershock.

### PERFORMANCE ENHANCEMENTS

* **Fixed a reported issue** causing crashes on iPad minis with Retina display. If this still an issue for you, email feedback@superevilmegacorp.com. We will immediately investigate your issue.
* **Fixed the re-Ace bug:** Resolved a bug where your team can be re-Aced after one hero respawns and is quickly killed again before teammates respawn from a prior ace \(not fun\). Also removed Aces entirely from 1v1 “Play Now” matches.
* **Minor bug fixes** and stability enhancements

